1. Write a program to find the largest and smallest of three numbers using if-else statements.
2. Write a program to check if a number is even or odd using if-else statements.
3. Write a program to check if a year is a leap year using if-else statements.
4. Write a program in C to find the second largest number using if-else statements.
5. Write a program in C to check whether a triangle is equilateral, scalene or isosceles.
6. Write a program in C to check whether a number is negative, positive or zero.
7. Write a program in C to check whether an alphabet is vowel or consonant using switch
case.
8. Write a program to print the times\multiplication table of a number using a while loop.
9. Write a program to print the Fibonacci series using a for loop.
10. Write a program to check if a number is prime or not using a for loop.
11. Write a program to find the factorial of a number using a while loop.
12. Write a program to print a series.
13. Write a program to print triangle pattern/pyramid pattern/reversed triangle pattern.
14. write a program in C to find the sum of digits of a number.
15. Write a C program to find the sum of elements in an array.
16. Write a program in C to store elements in an array and print them.
17. Write a program in C to read n number of values in an array and display them in reverse
order.
18. Write a program in C to find maximum and minimum elements in an array.
19. Write a program in C to count negative elements in an array.
20. Write a program in C to find the middle array index.
21. Write a program in C to copy the elements of one array into another array.
22. Write a program in C to count the total number of duplicate elements in an array.
23. Write a program in C to count the frequency of each element of an array.
24. Write a C program to find the average of elements in an array.
25. Write a C program to sort an array in ascending order.
26. Write a C program to sort an array in descending order.
27. Write a C program to search for an element in an array.
28. Write a C program to concatenate two strings without using the strcat() function.
29. Write a C program to check if two strings are equal or not.
30. Write a C program to reverse a string.
31. Write a C program to count the number of vowels in a string.
32. Write a C program to count the number of words in a string.
33. Write a C program to find the length of a string without using the strlen() function.
34. Write a C program to convert all characters of a string to uppercase.

35. Write a C program to convert all characters of a string to lowercase.
36. Write a C program to extract a substring from a given string.
37. Write a C program to remove all spaces from a given string.
38. Write a C program to replace a character in a string with another character.
39. Write a C program to sort a list of strings in alphabetical order.
40. Write a C program to check if a given string is a palindrome or not.
41. Write a C program to remove all occurrences of a particular character from a string.
42. Write a program in C to find the cube of a number using a function.
43. Write a program in C to find maximum and minimum using functions.
44. Write a program in C to print numbers between given intervals using functions.
45. Write a program to find the GCD of two numbers using a function.
46. Write a program to find the LCM of two numbers using a function.
47. Write a program to calculate the area of a circle using a function.
48. Write a program to convert Celsius to Fahrenheit using a function.
49. Write a program to find the factorial of a number using a function.
50. Write a program in C to find power of any number using recursion.
51. Write a program in C to find the sum of all natural numbers between 1 to n using
recursion.
52. Write a program in C to find the reverse of a number using recursion.
53. Write a program in C to generate nth Fibonacci term using recursion.
54. Write a program to swap two numbers using pointers.
55. Write a program to reverse a string using pointers.
56. Write a program to find the largest element in an array using pointers.
57. Write a program to find the smallest element in an array using pointers.
58. Write a program to sort an array using pointers.
